./project:
        ./project - remove sections from each line of files.
SYNTAX:
	./project OPTION... [FILE]...
	
EXAMPLE:
	project -c 3 file.txt
	
DESCRIPTION:
	
	Print selected parts of character/byte from each FILE to standard output.

OPTION:

	-c, --characters
	           select only characters from file.
	
	-b, --bytes
              	   select only these byte from file.
        
        --complement
        	   complement the set of selected bytes, characters.
       	
       	--help
       		   --help display this help.

EXAMPLE:

./project -c N filename		 
	It displays the N position character of each line from file on standard output.
	
./project -c -M filename	  
	It displays the starting M number of character of each line from file on standard output.
	
./project -c N- filename   	 			
	It skip the starting N number of character and disply remaining on standard output.
	
./project -c N-M filename	 	
	It displays character between N-M range.
	
./project -b N filename		 
	It displays the N position bytes of each line from file on standard output.	
	
./project -b -M filename	 
	It displays the starting M number of bytes of each line from file on standard output. 	
	
./project -b N- filename         			
	It skip the starting N number of bytes and disply remaining on standard output.
	
./project -b N-M filename	 	
	It displays bytes between N-M range.
	
./project -c N filename	--complement	 
	It skip the N position character of each line from file and display remaining on standard output.
	
./project -c -M filename --complement	 
 	It skip the starting M number of character of each line from file and display remaining on standard output.
 	
./project -c N- filename --complement	 		
	It display the starting N number of character on standard output and skip remaining.
	
./project -c N-M filename --complement	 	
	It skip character between N-M range and display  remaining on standard output.
	
./project -b N filename	--complement	 	
	It skip the N position bytes of each line from file and display remaining on standard output.
	
./project -b -M filename --complement	 
 	It skip the starting M number of bytes of each line from file and display remaining on standard output. 	
 	
./project -b N- filename --complement	 
	It display the starting N number of bytes on standard output and skip remaining.		

./project -b N-M filename --complement		
	It skip bytes between N-M range and display  remaining on standard output .
